Add option to output logs in JSON format (#101)
Unleash/unleash-proxy: README.md

| projectName               | `UNLEASH_PROJECT_NAME`           | `undefined`     |    no    | The projectName (id) to fetch feature toggles for. The proxy will only return know about feature toggles that belongs to the project, if specified.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | |
| logger                    | n/a                              | SimpleLogger    |    no    | Register a custom logger.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

> | useJsonLogger             | `JSON_LOGGER`                    | false    |    no    | Use the one-line JSON logger.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: I think this reflects the new behavior better, WDYT?
```suggestion
| useJsonLogger             | `JSON_LOGGER`                    | false           |    no    | Sets the default logger to log as one-line JSON. This has no effect if a custom logger is provided.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```

Author: Yep, that makes a lot more sense!
